friends here.
We're going to see one more practice with yourself.
Process model.
That is simply I'm going toe.
Find Java washing off my server using your cell process Money,
right?
Fine.
See guys before going toe right there by transcript for days,
you know.
So find Java on your hosted.
Maybe windows or Lennox.
The commander's simply java hyphen wash in like,
Fine.
Then we're going to use this command to find the Java through our piper.
And we are going toe Get on.
Li Jiao Washington Suppose $11 Girardot,
four night.
Fine.
Same way.
Let me weapon my UNIX like system.
So he had also I'm going to run Java taipan washing comer.
Now you're getting some washing job,
Which,
and wondered.
Sandra Jiro,
Underscore 211 Right here.
We're getting levonorgestrel.
Not four.
Now I need here.
This one,
not $7 0 underscore to double one on UNIX.
Maybe any watching you How?
But yet if you object,
you have two different fortunes in UNIX.
You how one worsen on my windows.
How different washing.
But whatever it may be,
I need to find out that Washington.
Right?
So we're going to write a single script such that it has to work for any Java on any
operating system like Fine.
First,
I'm going to write a script on your windows.
So that's here.
I'm going to use here to America.
You can use any other,
like the A R V am.
Some blamed expired charm.
Whatever it may be right.
So if you open atrium,
just goto file and select new file.
Right,
Fine.
So before going to that,
I want to great one dirty and my distraught for practice through atrium.
So I'm going to create a directory.
40 were 8 p.m. On this desktop.
Let's say you don't mean brought peace.
Now I'm going to select that folder here,
So let's stop.
You don't need practice?
No.
In this their territory.
Or for that,
I want to create a fights.
Right.
Fine.
Anyway,
I only weapon a file.
Right now,
I'm going to first to give the name for our strip,
find Joe abortion.
So this is very,
very important.
Please be careful.
Okay.
First of all,
to run our commands right?
We know that we can use a the ways door system or so process more duel with help off your
fight on.
But whenever if you need the modifications or something Operations on the output.
See,
I need I'm going to get this under airport.
But I don't want to get this entire output from this command.
I only this one That means on output you need some modification.
That's why you're going to use a process model,
right?
Let me import.
So process right on command is simply Java high fund abortion.
Now I want to run this command three or so process to run that right.
We know we have already standard Sendak's if you want,
uh,
from or previous classes.
I'm going to directly copy and pictured.
But you just take the cool.
I mean,
from a previous classes,
please try.
Could type manually.
So there you will get a practice on this night.
That's it.
No offer these I need to find out.
Return court means why I am finding SP.
Don't wait me just to run your comer.
So as authorities simply jab iPhone washing common,
you don't bother aboard that it wouldn't take much time.
But in case sometimes some commands might take some execution time.
That's why are going toe Wait out to the completion off your command through python On this
weight,
syntax will also do the return status off.
You were previously excluded.
Command Andi.
Right?
And that is touring RC variable.
Let me do one thing I'm going to find after this output and editor so simply sp not
communicate,
right?
No IFRC close to Geo Then we know that the commander was success and we can see only we can
print out.
Tells after is not in Costa Jiro Then there was another right.
Let me save it.
Right,
So that's through a M.
If you want to run your core units to press control shift and then be no See the output
What?
You're getting so here.
What is the open you're going to get that were important?
Here.
See,
that will be maybes.
Sorry I didn't Prue are so unit,
right?
Only to it.
It's my mistake we have taken.
Come on,
our string Whenever you for taking my little spring.
Shelly Coastal.
Right.
We know that.
So I forgot to remove.
Come on,
Senator.
No.
Okay,
fine.
Not see the output.
You're not getting an output here.
Finish it in 1.391 seconds and there is no output here.
See that?
Let me bring separately.
First written gold.
Then after that,
I want to print.
Let me bring out.
So what I'm printing.
Then let me print Error.
Let me say a word and let me run it and see the output.
A two quotations.
Here,
See the output.
You're getting your job.
Our information in the error place.
Not in your or put place,
but written grit and gore is Jiro.
That means your commander or success.
But you are.
Shell is throwing.
You were error.
You are output into error place.
So this is not the problem with your python,
right?
See whenever If you run your job wife in Washington,
man,
you're getting output.
Actually,
this is not output.
This is a one output.
If you want to get clarity,
I want to store my out,
put into some outdoor txt file,
see that it is not throwing your output into older txt file.
Still,
it is displaying on your terminal that mean that is another.
You know there are some stuff.
Course right.
One is for Senator or put to use for error.
Now I want to store my out put into ever file.
I mean the eterindo into this air in order.
Txt If it is success,
right,
success core won't store.
I mean the success.
I'll put one story and do this file only the other Corriero put is going to store into this
.
See,
now you're not getting any or put on your common land.
That means whatever the common you're running that come and output is a road put under that
restoring into this if you want to check it,
see there.
So it is not the problem with your fight on.
It is compatible with your job on your operating systems,
right?
Not only here,
guys.
Even if you go with your UNIX like systems.
See that job wife in Washington?
Suppose I'm going to nullify my output?
I don't want this play output I still displaying.
That means that is a ever or put Norte your commanders excluding successfully.
But you're all pretty storing in our place.
He now finally for error.
That's why I'm not getting anything.
The support different ls on If I run cougar than Donald Still,
you're getting output winds.
That is a success.
Output good put it storing in the success place.
I mean,
stand out place.
But if I do one greater than Donald no,
you are not going to display or part.
So for all commands,
it's common.
One is for you are ah,
I would put to his for better on by default.
All commands will give Max Max.
Come.
Commands will do your output in standard output place only.
But Joe is giving its output in other place.
So you have to take care.
We're working with Joe abortions,
right?
So that fight on what I'm doing is see that Let me remove all those things.
If written code is zero.
What I wanted to check is like,
let me print.
Simply suppose bullying off your own.
See the output,
what you're getting they're getting false meant there is no foot and let me bring bullion
off and as well what is your ever e right?
Save it under you're getting proved.
That means if if your output seasonal aren't,
if some error is there,
then find your output from error for your job.
That's why what I'm doing is I'm writing a simple if condition.
If,
well,
you know,
if your output is it?
Closed Toe falls on on Why?
I'm taking on no club.
Two conditions You can club to conditions with help off a the end or or operative when you
have to take on.
If both requirements are required for you If brother conditions reels are you are expecting
as a these right then only had to club them with help off Aren't suppose here?
I'm clubbing.
My requirement is actually output should be no on then that should be some other.
There should be some era then only how to take your output.
So I'm clubbing here to conditions with help off under Better if somebody for take our if I
take our and that this is true Our this is true that will exclude No What is our intention
?
It should be false.
Yes,
we know that for that we're taking a condition on whenever it If is it true If both to we
are expecting then only you need to run some logic.
That's why are included Harto club Those two conditions with help off under operator,
Right.
Fine.
Know what I'm doing is now.
First of all,
I'm printing you are better earned before that.
See if bullion off out anyway,
You are not expecting output your memory for running Java washing command.
Right?
So bullion off equals toe group when it can print simply or pretty,
it also right.
The anywhere this is false.
That's why you're not going toe.
Exclude this output I started this.
Is that output?
The only thing You're getting your output from here.
That's it.
No.
Let me run it and see the airport.
Yes,
you are getting but I don't want to get all these lines right.
What I need Let me split lines.
I need only in the first line.
I need dough awash in right.
If you're out there,
they're getting some spirit lines.
So always guys wherever.
If you go on with your on your java Washington,
you're always going to get their output in this way.
Three lines on first are put.
First line consist off.
Java,
abortion information.
That's what I'm taking judo on in there.
If you have there always in all irreverent,
maybe even know.
Sorry.
Knicks,
right,
You're going toe.
How job?
Our space.
Washington space number.
So what I'm doing is simply I'm spitting.
You are port and then I'm taking second index value.
Let me save it and panic and sit output you're getting.
But I don't want to get that quotations to let me strip them.
See that you're getting on 11 or direct for.
Right?
So you guys same court.
Just I'm going to copy it.
I'm not.
I'm going to place it on your next,
like systems.
Get job.
Abortion,
Nazi.
Let me run this with your fight on three.
See,
You're getting exactly or Joe Washam.
So know what I would just give the we return?
That is a platform Independent script,
right.
This will work for your windows as the last UNIX like systems.
Yes,
Here.
You need to understand that very important point is See if you return courted Jiro.
Right?
Then definitely.
You are expecting your output.
Generally generally are expecting or put from your this variable out variable.
That's common,
but very their case.
Sometimes during this type of situations,
right,
you're going toe,
get your or put from error.
That's why what I'm checking is even in order to write this for your job,
if it is only for Java monitoring these two lines also right,
but just I'm reading them for your clarity.
If your output these faults on d.
C,
why am writing on that's important thing?
If you are put these falls on good enough early coastal.
True,
If you're getting confusion,
you can also write this score in this way.
But clubbing with the logical operators is a good practice.
So you can also write in this tree that is let me write it.
First out,
I'm thinking,
is if your output output is it closed toe false.
Then again,
I'm going to take it bullion off era.
If it is a question,
so then only when we are going to get output from ever right then from the odds that legal
aid this line now already we house in tax to get exactly George Washington.
That's it.
Let me say a word on granite and see the output you're getting.
See if this condition is true And if this condition is also true,
then only are excluding this line right trying to combat this too.
If these two are true,
the result off this one on the result off this one if both are true,
then only are excluding this line.
So this type of conditions because you are expecting both are true simply you can write in
one line on the gun club with them under operator such that first your point,
then we check this condition.
If it is true,
then it will check this condition.
because this undock return because this under operator,
whenever deputies under better when or if it club conditions with under operators we're
fighting will check first condition.
If it is true,
then only will go on check next condition and if this is also true dessert,
then it will exclude the line.
Suppose by mistake.
Assume that this is also visit.
The result off this one is false.
Then it won't take very many condition.
Your fight on simply will skip this block,
right?
That's why we're covering these two conditions with elbow fund operator.
Somebody for Diego are here.
Suppose fight and we'll check first this one.
If it is false again,
we'll check this one.
If it is true,
it will exclude this models.
But as one motivate your vitality,
check first this one.
If it is true,
without checking this condition.
Simply a question.
Let's do this But I know,
but I'm not like that.
It has to check book.
How many conditions you have?
All conditions must have been true Then only this land will execute.
Right?
Okay.
Thank you for watching this video.